Output improvements (#6)
LLNL/ExaCA: README.md

```
mpiexec -n 1 ./build/install/bin/ExaCA-Kokkos examples/Inp_DirSolidification.txt
```
## Post-processing analysis

> If the "Print Paraview vtk file of all ExaCA data for post-processing" options is toggled within an input file, post-processing can be performed on the output data set using the code inside of the `analysis/` directory. This code is compiled as a separate executable from, but linked to, ExaCA. Running ExaCA for the test problem  `Inp_DirSolidification.txt` yields the output files `TestProblemDirS.vtk` and `TestProblemDirS.log`. To analyze this data, first compile the source files, then run the analysis program executable, with one command line argument pointing to the analysis file of interest. Within the `analysis/examples` directory, there should be a `.txt` file with analysis options corresponding to the problem of interest. In this case, to analyze the results of the directional solidification test problem:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the "Print Paraview vtk file" option is turned on within an input file, post-processing can be performed on the output data set. This functionality is a separate executable from ExaCA, located in the `analysis/` directory and is linked to the ExaCA library for input utilities. 

Running ExaCA for the test problem `Inp_DirSolidification.txt` yields the output files `TestProblemDirS.vtk` and `TestProblemDirS.log`. To analyze this data, run `grain_analysis` (installed in the same location as `ExaCA-Kokkos`), with one command line argument pointing to the analysis input file. Within the `analysis/examples` directory, there are example analysis input files:
```

```
./build/install/bin/grain_analysis analysis/examples/AnalyzeDirS.txt
```

> The path to the associated files `TestProblemDirS.vtk` and `TestProblemDirS.log` is an input within `TestProblemDirS.txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the path to the files needed for analysis, e.g. `TestProblemDirS.vtk` and `TestProblemDirS.log`, are configurable inputs within the analysis input file.
```
